these are lay keys lots of light women's
trekking poles at fifteen point eight
ounces it's a really lightweight
offering with durable aluminum for
year-round trail performance the poles
utilize Leki's aergon core tech compact
grips compact references the fact that
with women in mind it is a smaller
diameter to the grip man who's got
smaller hands may also find these a
great option nice texturing on those
grips also organ ah max there that just
make it a really comfortable handhold
woven and padded straps in play here
that also take wear and tear off of your
wrists during the course of a long hike
or during extended backpacking trips
there is adjustability to those wrist
straps so by flipping up that piece on
the top of the grips you can decide
exactly where you need those wrist
straps to be so that they're most
comfortable for you and then flick that
down and into place I'm going to turn
the grip and show you some of the
dimpling the texturing here up on top in
those instances where you prefer to have
your hand over top of the pole kind of
palming that grip really nice ergonomics
fits securely securely in the center of
your palm the poles consists of three
telescoping sections you can see that
they utilize external locking mechanisms
there's marks here on the poles to show
you what length you've extended them to
the speed lock system the external lock
system is super easy to use and also
gives a nice confident lock clip it down
locks it in place when you do need to
adjust the length of the poles just a
single turn and you're ready to go at
the bottom of the poles you'll find a
section that is lake ease carbide flex
tip about four or four and a half inches
in length with the very end being the
carbide portion that provides traction
on the trail itself should also mention
that mention that rubber walking tips
are available but sold separately should
you get the poles in a position
between rocks and a crack something that
would jeopardize jeopardize the polls
themselves this piece is designed to
shear away there's a press bit
replacement part that can be purchased
to correct that but that's definitely
preferable to have an actual shaft
section break while you are out on the
trail small low-profile trekking basket
is included a pair of them with the
poles that's usually suitable enough for
average terrain it may not even come
into play if you're on really solid
surfaces but if you've got mud dirt a
little bit of snow that basket is
designed to stop the pole from going any
further so it stays on top and does what
you need it to do if you're going to be
using these in winter conditions in
deeper snow you may want to check out
lake ease snow baskets or even a deep
powder baskets so broader diameter
baskets sold separately to equip these
poles for winter use